Update Sentinel scenario (#73)
hashicorp/katakoda: terraform-sentinel/step2.md

Now that you have created a policy, you will add some additional restrictions. 

> In your policy file`terraform-sentinel/restrict-s3-buckets.sentinel`{{open}}, you will first add a print statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the policy file `terraform-sentinel/restrict-s3-buckets.sentinel`{{open}}, and add a print statement.
```

> In your policy file`terraform-sentinel/restrict-s3-buckets.sentinel`{{open}}, you will first add a print statement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Open your policy file`terraform-sentinel/restrict-s3-buckets.sentinel`{{open}}.
```

> # Create a print statement for debugging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a print statement for debugging
```

You use double `##` above, and this seems at the same level

> Your policy plan collection contains a lot of data. To see what data you are giving to your policy, create a print statement below the ending bracket your filter statement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your policy plan collection contains a lot of data. To see what data you are giving to your policy, create a print statement below the ending bracket of your filter statement.
```

```
print(s3_buckets)
```{{copy}}

> Run your Sentinel CLI apply again to see what data your plan contains.

Reviewer 2: Is there anything we want to highlight here? Can we make the output a little more human readable?

Author: I've added a little jq command but it might just distract?

```
sentinel apply -trace restrict-s3-buckets.sentinel
```{{execute}}

> # Create a required tags variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a required tags variable
```

> Copy and paste the `required_tags` variable below your print statement. You are creating a list of variables that are required to be returned from the data you just generated in the previous print statement.

Reviewer 2: Is the print statement required to use these values, or are we only printing to discover what values we can write policies against?

Author: This is for discovery and to understand how the collection is structured.

Reviewer 2: Let's highlight that, and maybe have users remove it after they see the output once?

Does the `-verbose` command line flag also cause these values to print? Not sure why but the outputs feel a little bit busy to me 🤔

Author: verbose won't print the filter output, just the trace for each rule as it runs towards the main rule.

```
required_tags = [
	"Name",
    "Environment",
]
```{{copy}}

> # Create a rule for your required tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a rule for your required tags
```

Edit the `bucket_tags` rule to compare to your `require_tags` variable.

```
bucket_tags = rule {
	all s3_buckets as _, buckets {
		all required_tags as rt {
			buckets.change.after.tags contains rt
		}
	}
}
```{{copy}}

> # Add an ACL restriction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add an ACL restriction
```

> For S3 buckets, you should restrict the level of access to the objects to prevent unauthorized editing. Copy this list of allowed ACLs for your S3 bucket and paste it below your `bucket_tags` rule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For S3 buckets, AWS allows you to restrict the level of access to the objects to prevent unauthorized editing. Copy this list of allowed ACLs for your S3 bucket and paste it below your `bucket_tags` rule
```

It just feels weird to give advice on how to manage AWS products...is it better if we're more neutral here?

```
allowed_acls = [
	"public-read",
	"private",
]
```{{copy}}

> # Add a rule for your ACLs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add a rule for your ACLs
```

Copy and paste your ACL rule below your `allowed_acls` to evalute the ACL data in your plan.

```
acl_allowed = rule {
	all s3_buckets as _, buckets {
		buckets.change.after.acl in allowed_acls
	}
}
```{{copy}}

> # Edit the main rule to evaluate both rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Edit the main rule to evaluate both rules
```

Your main rule must evaluate both the `acl_allowed` and `bucket_tags` rule. Copy and paste this as your main rule.

```
main = rule {
    (acl_allowed and bucket_tags) else false
}
```{{copy}}

> In the next step, you will edit your mock data to create a failing test suite.

Reviewer 2: Should we have users re-run this policy to make sure they did everything right?
